Date:      Wed 11-12 Nov 29
Location:  E2-180

Speakers:  

Sharon Clay, VP of Hardware Infrastructure
Robert Hero, Senior Manager GPU Cluster Bringup
Nicole Magnus, Senior Technical Program Manager

Title:

Infrastructure -- Enabling the Backbone for AI and High-Performance Computing
Environments and Hardware

Abstract:

High Performance Computing Environments and the hardware used in them continue to
evolve rapidly.  The key to keeping up with the scale of change is to have an
incredible software infrastructure.  The Hardware Infrastructure organization
develops critical workflows to enable engineers across the company to achieve the
impossible - from training the newest deep learning models in datacenters with
thousands of GPUs to building the next-generation chip architectures. 

One particularly challenging problem is to identify and resolve DL model
performance issues at scale.  Performance Monitors are built into GPU hardware
and are critical to analyzing and improving performance of applications.  While
the underlying hardware is the same, the approach to acquiring and analyzing the
performance data is vastly different based on the scale.  We will discuss how we
enable analysis from thousands of GPUs in a cluster, down to a single GPU, and
the supporting infrastructure that is required to ensure we can train the next
great DL model.

Please join us to hear not only about this, but other exciting opportunities we
have.

---

Speakers Bio:

Sharon Clay is VP of the Hardware Infrastructure organization and has been with Nvidia for 23 years,
previously working at SGI.  She received her masters from UCSC in 1992 focused on Neural Networks and NLP.
Sharon's vision and passion for automating processes led to the formation of the infrastructure group within Nvidia.
The organization is now comprised of hundreds of engineers whose expertise spans all disciplines of computer science
and are innovating every aspect of NVidia HW and SW engineering.

Nicole Magnus is a Senior Technical Program Manager with the Hardware Infrastructure organization focused on innovating
the component integration and CI/CD used by Nvidia's HW and SW teams. The Component Integration team creates tools that
enable the entire company to collaborate efficiently with "Speed of Light" code verifications and submissions. She has
been with Nvidia for 3 years. Nicole received her bachelor's in Computer Engineering from Prairie View A&M University in 1993.

Robert Hero is a Senior Manager within the Hardware Infrastructure organization, currently focused on building GPU
Datacenters and supporting tools for enabling NVIDiai's LLM training. Before that Robert has built tools to enable
predictions of application performance through the chip design process, closely working with architects, hardware and
software engineers across the company.   He has been with Nvidia for 13 years, and had done several NVidia internships
prior to that.  Robert received his masters from UCSC in 2006 focused on Volume Visualization of Unstructured Data.

